Add SVG icon styling, add icons, improve contributing rules (#614)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/contributing/contributing-rules.md

### Contributing through Semgrep App (recommended)

> Publish rules in the open-source Semgrep Registry to share them with the Semgrep community. To contribute and publish rules to the Semgrep Registry, follow these steps:

Author: @efortuna what more benefits can users gain from sharing their rules with the community? Potential improvements, fixes etc.? If we can mention some more, we can make this introduction a bit more rich and informative. :-)

Reviewer: Hm, something like "to help more people benefit from your rule-writing efforts"? "Contribute to the field of software security"?

Author: Not sure here if that adds any greater value here. Should I link the private rules also below this procedure for folks who would like to avoid having their rules published so openly? @efortuna

Reviewer: I said all this, but I suppose you can leave those options out. I just wanted to explain why I suggested them. It's an important part of open source culture

Author: @efortuna good justification, I have been convinced! Included. Please see the output now:

<img width="977" alt="Screenshot 2022-07-20 at 17 36 31" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26669307/180023983-2cdf3a84-c9af-4bb0-95fd-6e317feb58a0.png">

1. Go to [Semgrep App Editor](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/editor).
2. Click **Create New Rule**.
3. Make one of the following steps:
    - Create a new rule and test code, and then click **Save**. Note: The test file must contain at least one true positive and one true negative test case to be approved. See the [Tests](#tests) section of this document for more information.
    - Select a rule from a category in **Semgrep Registry**. Modify the rule or test code, click **Save**, and then **Fork**.
4. Click **Share**.
5. Click **Publish to Registry**.
6. Fill in the required and optional fields.

> 7. Click **Continue**, and then click **Create PR**.

Author: @efortuna I may try to add icons we use in the UI (I asked Boro again, may his help be praised here also):
- https://fontawesome.com/icons/cloud-arrow-up?s=solid
- https://fontawesome.com/docs/web/style/size

Author: Ok, adding them!

### Contributing through Semgrep App (recommended)

Publish rules in the open-source Semgrep Registry to share them with the Semgrep community. To contribute and publish rules to the Semgrep Registry, follow these steps:

1. Go to [Semgrep App Editor](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/editor).
2. Click **Create New Rule**.

> 3. Make one of the following steps:

Reviewer: "Make"  here isn't correct. "choose"? "Follow"? or simply "one of the following"?

Author: Changing to:

`Choose one of the following steps:`

> 3. Choose one of the following steps:

Reviewer: +1 choose. yay! May I suggest you also say "choose one of the following options" (and go back to a bulleted list) because steps are often numbered, and followed in a sequence, whereas options don't have an order and you choose from them. :-)

Author: I would normally go with a lettered list after this step, but I have not figured out CSS tricks on how to do it in our Docusaurus.

Author: So I will go with a bullet point list, and sentence fragment can work in this case also (`3. Choose one of the following:`).

    - Create a new rule and test code, and then click <FloppyDisk className="inline_svg" /> **Save**. Note: The test file must contain at least one true positive and one true negative test case to be approved. See the [Tests](#tests) section of this document for more information.

>     - Select a rule from a category in **Semgrep Registry**. Modify the rule or test code, click <FloppyDisk className="inline_svg" /> **Save**, and then <CodeBranch className="inline_svg" /> **Fork**.

Reviewer: wouldn't you fork first, and then make your edits, and save?

### Contributing through Semgrep App (recommended)

> Publish rules in the open-source Semgrep Registry and share them with the Semgrep community to help more people benefit from your rule-writing efforts and contribute to the field of software security. To contribute and publish rules to the Semgrep Registry, follow these steps:

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
Publish rules in the open-source Semgrep Registry and share them with the Semgrep community to help others benefit from your rule-writing efforts and contribute to the field of software security. To contribute and publish rules to the Semgrep Registry, follow these steps:
```
